README.md, before:


# Cheers by Beast Code
https://cheersy.vercel.app/

Cheersy is an app to help the evening enthusiast better find a watering-hole.  The main aim of the app is to help the user find bars of their specifications in a chosen location or area.  The main functionality is the user puts a location into the search input and receives a list back of bars from this area, they then can refine this search to their more specific requirements on the results page based on interests and tastes.

## Authors

- [@faseehahmed1 - Faseeh Ahmed]
- [@remiyeku - Anthony 'Remi' Akinfoyeku]
- [@Suzi-Clark - Susanna 'Suzi' Clark]
- [@rhonamackay - Rhona Mackay]
- [@gregrutnam - Greg Rutnam]
- [@keirastanley - Keira Stanley]

## Feedback

If you have any feedback, please reach out to us at socmonth@gmail.com


## Tech Stack

**Client:** React, Typescript, CSS, Vercel, Next.js, React.js

**Server:** Node, Express, MongoDB, Leaflet

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/SchoolOfCode/bc13_final-project_front-end-beast-code.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd bc13_final-project_front-end-beast-code
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  npm install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run dev
```


## Running Tests

To run tests, run the following command

```bash
  npm run test
```

Commit message:

added how to run cypress tests and fixed personal profile links and a few others small tweaks

README.md, after:


# Cheers by Beast Code
#### This is the front end repo of a full stack bar-finding app.

Deployed at https://cheersy.vercel.app/

Our backend repo: https://github.com/SchoolOfCode/bc13_final-project_back-end-beast-code

## What is Cheers?

Cheers is an app to help the evening-enthusiast avoid endless frustrating google searches when trying to plan a great night out.

Using different filters and search capabilities including a map feature and 'sort by' options, Cheers users have all the information they could possibly desire at their fingertips - no matter the group, occasion or features required.

## Tech Stack

**Client:** Typescript, React, Next.js, CSS, React Testing Library, Cypress

**Server:** JavaScript, NodeJS, Express, MongoDB, Leaflet, SuperTest

## Authors

- [Faseeh Ahmed](https://github.com/faseehahmed1)
- [Remi Akinfoyeku](https://github.com/remiyeku)
- [Suzi Clark](https://github.com/Suzi-Clark)
- [Rhona Mackay](https://github.com/rhonamackay)
- [Greg Rutnam](https://github.com/gregrutnam)
- [Keira Stanley](https://github.com/keirastanley)

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/SchoolOfCode/bc13_final-project_front-end-beast-code.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd bc13_final-project_front-end-beast-code
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  npm install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run dev
```


## Running Tests

To run the React Testing Library tests, run the following command:

```bash
  npm run test
```

To run the Cypress tests, run the following command:

```bash
  npx cypress run
```
